
Name: Manish Kumar Vuttunoori
Id:   manivutt  | 0003381314


PART - I

Turing Test Vs Elementary Test:
I feel that to some extent it is in agreement with the kind of questions Turing test would have comprised of but if this test considers Performance as a factor unlike
 Turing test, it would not be much valuable. Below are my views.
First of all, it all depends on what one considers AI system’s ability should be i.e, if it should be intelligent or should perfectly imitate a human or both.

Pros:
•	Assuming that this test doesn’t assume the person or computer (to behave) necessarily to be a 4th grader or of that age, it would make a great impact as Turing
	 test is mostly a textual form of conversation between human and computer, whereas this test also involves graphical content which a general human can analyze without much efforts to answer the question, 
	but not possible for any general machine unless it has extreme image processing and deduction capabilities. 
	Most of the machines might fail to answer such questions and therefore fail the test.
•	This also goes in line with the property Turing test searches in a machine…”can it imitate a human?”.

Cons:
•	If it is not for such questions and the reasoning questions in part – II of the test, most of the other questions are knowledge based which do not necessarily
	 determine if it is a person that is answering or a computer. From the sample tests available, seems like this test does not include psychological questions which makes this test much weaker than Turing test.   


PART - II (strategies implemented in TicTacToe bot game)

Implemented the two conditions which were specified in the manual. 
Along with these, I thought the following strategies would help the bot in tackling several situations...

1. When the bot starts the game, it occupies the center first so that it can thwart chances of opponents winning diagonally.
2. When the player starts, depending on where the player's first selection goes, bot handles the next step. For example, if player places his first move in one of 
	the corners, bot places the next move in center and vice versa.
3. If at any step made by player he places his move in the same diagonal aligning with his first placed move, bot picks an odd positioned place to place 
	its move.